[core-rest-pipeline] Bug Fix - Retry logic to honor abort signal (#20781)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/core/core-rest-pipeline/CHANGELOG.md

### Bugs Fixed

> - [Bug #20778](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/20778) Retry logic(throttling/exponential) didn't honor `abortSignal` that was being passed as the constructor client options of the SDKs, which would lead to longer delays and could be misinterpreted as hanging code.

Author: ```suggestion
- [Bug #20778](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/20778) Retry logic(throttling/exponential) didn't honor `abortSignal` that was being passed as part of the constructor client options of the SDKs, which would lead to longer delays and could be misinterpreted as hanging code.
```

> - [Bug #20778](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/20778) Retry logic(throttling/exponential) didn't honor `abortSignal` that was being passed as part of the constructor client options of the SDKs, which would lead to longer delays and could be misinterpreted as hanging code.
> 
>   [#20781](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/20781) fixed the issue by taking the `abortSignal` that is associated with the request into account.

Reviewer: nit: suggestion:
```suggestion
- [Bug #20778](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/20778) Customers can provide abort signals in the options bags for the client libraries but they were not being checked when requests were being retried. The issue is fixed in [PR #20781](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/20781).
```
